### Introduction
The group project is worth 40% of the final grade for both CITS3403 and CITS5505 students and is due at 5pm on Sunday, May 19th, 2024. The groups will consist of 4 students and a group must be comprised exclusively of either CITS3403 or CITS5505 students. The project description will be released by the end of the 3rd week of the course.

### Brief
For this project you are required to build a request forum application, which allows users to create accounts, post their own requests and answer other people's requests. You may interpret the concept of a "request" very flexibily. For example, the application could:
Allow users to set puzzles ("making a request") that other people can then solve ("answering the request") with leaderboards;
Allow users to set RPG-style (re)quests for an existing game (rewards when accepted/completed are paid out?)
Allow users to submit requests for the best prompts for large language models (LLMs) to achieve a certain goal.
Allow users to sell ("making a request") and buy ("answering the request") NFT-like images automatically generated by the site. Rewards for collecting certain sets of images? No actual cryptocurrency-related functionality required!
Allow users to create a local community board that people can request favours of their neighbours.
Think carefully about the design of the application. It should be:
Engaging, so that it looks good and focuses the user on important elements of the application.
Effective, so it produces value for the user, by providing information, entertainment or community.
Intuitive, so that it is easy for a user to use.
The web application should be styled to be interesting and engaging for a user in the selected context. It should offer several views including:
An "introductory" view, describing the context and purpose of the application, and allowing the user to create an account or log in.
A "find requests" view, allowing the user to search for and accept requests.
A "create requests" view, allowing the user to create requests for other people to answer.
The application should be written using HTML, CSS, Flask, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, SQLite. Any additional technologies or frameworks will require special approval from the unit coordinator.
The creation of the web application should be done in a private GitHub repository that includes a README containing:
a description of the purpose of the application, explaining the its design and use.
a table with with each row containing the i) UWA ID ii) name and iii) Github user name of the group members.
a brief summary of the architecture of the application.
instructions for how to launch the application.
instructions for how to run the tests for the application.
The repository should also include a folder called "deliverables", within the folder should be 3 short screen-capture video or image files. These files should be added as the project progresses and each should:
show off the completion of a suitable intermediate deliverable as per the Agile methodology.
be named the same as a Git tag in the project. That tag should point to the commit where the video/image was made.

### Assessment Criteria
Front-end (35%)
The first part of the project assessment will evaluate the front-end functionality of the application:
The application must be functional so that the user can easily use the application as intended.
The application must be implemented using HTML, CSS and Javascript (or a subset thereof).
All resources used (including pictures, JavaScript libraries, css) must be fully referenced.
The HTML and CSS must pass the validators: https://validator.w3.org/ and https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/.
The website must work on Chrome, Firefox and Microsoft Edge, and render well on mobile devices.
There must be a consistent style (via CSS file) for all pages, yet each page should be easily identifiable.
Back-end (40%)
The second part of the project assessment evaluate the back-end functionality of the application. At least the following functionality should be provided:
A user account and tracking feature.
A method to store interactions and results.
A method to search previous interactions.
Agile processes (25%)
The third part of the project assessment will evaluate the Agile process used to create the application. Your Github repo will be used to provide evidence of this, in particular there should be:
Regular commits with meaningful messages.
Use of issues to discuss bugs, and plan new features. 
Use of pull requests, with code reviews provided by your group.
Intermediate deliverables, pinpointed with Git tags.
See the Rubric attached to the submission entry for further details.

### Assignment Submission
#### Step 1
Go to your project repository on Github and go to `Settings > Collaborators and Teams > Add People` and then add the user `AgileWebDev3403Marker` with Read permissions to your repository.
  
#### Step 2
Create a zip file of your complete Flask application:
All source code, with comments and attributions for any external libraries, including your tests directory
A `requirements.txt` file, listing all packages used. To build the requirements.txt file for your virtual environment, use the command: pip freeze > requirements.txt while your virtual environment is active.
The `README.md` file
The `deliverables` folder.
You may incude a small database for testing purposes
The project should be runnable by 1) downloading the code, 2) installing the packages in the requirements.txt file in a new virtual environment, 3) following the instructions in the README.
Do not submit the virtual environment directory, or the .git directory. These are overly large, not required and will result in a penalty if they are submitted.
Submit your zipped file by clicking on this item in the LMS and attaching the file. Only one person per group needs to make this submission.
  
### Demonstration
In week 12 all members of each team must present and demonstrate their project in person. A sign-up sheet will be made available later in the semester. 5 minutes before your scheduled time, please make sure:
Your entire team is present.
You have your app launched on a machine.
Your demonstration database set up.
You will be ask to demonstrate the features of your app. This should take no more than 8 minutes, and it is worthwhile having a rough plan or script. All team member must be involved in the presentation. You will then be asked some questions from the assessor, and may need to show some additional functionality, source etc. The entire presentation should take about 12 minutes, so please be prepared.
